>> Kyle Simpson: Let's
try it the other way.
Let's try to send a message from
our web page to the web worker.
And here,
rather than doing @EventListener,
we're gonna just do self.onmessage equals,
and
I'm just gonna list an onMessage
function that we're gonna write.
>> Kyle Simpson: Same thing,
we're going to receive an event object.
There's gonna be a data on it and
we will say console.log.
And here we'll say received
in web worker, and
then whatever it is that we received.
>> Kyle Simpson: So that should in theory,
if we send a message to the web worker,
it should be able to receive that.
So what I'm gonna do is
actually send a message back
after we've received the first message.
We could send it right after we started,
but let's just do sort of
a ping pong sort of a thing.
We'll receive the message and
then we'll send another message back.
So how about if we say,
worker.postMessage,
we're back in the web page now.
Worker.postMessage and we'll say,
hello from the client.
>> Kyle Simpson: All right
I'm gonna refresh my page.
We'll check that our console is empty,
and when I click the start button now we
should see a console message from the web
worker, as well as in our web page.
We see hello from the web worker and
then we see received in web worker,
hello from the client.
So we've got two way communication
happening between our web
worker and our page.
>> Kyle Simpson: Speaking of the data that
we're gonna be sending between workers and
our web page, the data is copied.
It is not sent by reference,
if it were sent by reference,
we would have all kinds of threaded
issues to be concerned about.
So the data is copied.
Now normal data like numbers and
strings are all already obviously copied,
but even if you send something like a JSON
object, that entire object is going to be
copied, and it's copied by way of what's
called the structured clone algorithm.
Structured cloning algorithm,
which is part of the web specification.
And if you want to read about
all those glory details,
just Google structured clone algorithm.
But it's essentially gonna
make a copy of your data,
any data that it actually can copy.
So if you send stuff that can't be
copied then it ain't gonna work.
So for example, you can't send something
like a function to a web worker.
However, you can take the string
representation of a function and
send that to a web worker and then
evaluate it inside of a web worker, and
there have actually libraries
out there that do exactly that.
They'll take your functions and
your code that's in a web page, and
they'll replicate it in a web worker to
have it running on the background threads.
So there are some tricks
you can play there.
But just bear in mind that if you
have like a large chunk of data,
say several megabytes worth of
binary data or something, and
you're going to ship that off to
a web worker to have it crunch on it,
maybe it's bitmap data that
you want to process or
something, just be aware that there's
going to be a copy made of all that data,
and then a copy made
when the data comes back.